Before we dive into the details of generative adversarial networks and how they work,
let's check out some of what you can do with GANs.
GANs are used for generating realistic data.
Most of the applications of GANs so far have been for images.
For example, the StackGAN model is really great at taking a textual description of
a bird than generating a high resolution photo of a bird matching that description.
These photos have never been seen before and are totally imaginary.
It's not just running image search on a database.
In fact, the GAN is drawing a sample from
the probability distribution over all hypothetical images matching that description,
so you can keep running the GAN to get more images.
A tool called iGAN developed in collaboration
between Berkeley and Adobe uses GANs to help artists.
As the user draws very crude sketches using the mouse,
iGAN searches for the nearest possible realistic image.
We see here that a scribble of green paint is turned into a lush grassland,
and a black triangle is turned into a detailed mountain.
GANs can also be used for image to image translation
where images in one domain can be turned into images in another domain.
Blueprints for buildings can be turned into photos of finished buildings,
or drawings of cats can be turned into realistic photos of cats.
You may have seen the #edges2cats hashtag go viral a few months ago.
What's even more exciting is that
image-to-image translation models can be trained in an unsupervised way.
Facebook AI researchers showed how to train a model that
can turn a photo of a face into a cartoon of a face.
The model was trained on photos and and on cartoons,
but it did not need pairs of images showing which photo corresponds to which cartoon.
Researchers from Nvidia showed how to use a similar GAN technique.
For example, to turn photos of day scenes into photos of night scenes.
At Berkeley, a model called CycleGAN is
especially good at unsupervised image-to-image translation.
Here, it transforms this video of a horse to a video of a zebra.
Because the training is totally unsupervised,
we can see that it changes a few things besides the horse.
Because horses and zebras live in different environments,
the model has learned to change the background,
as well as the image of the horse itself.
The background comes out looking more like an African grassland.
GANs can also be used to create realistic simulated training sets
or environments to train other machine learning models or reinforcement learning agents.
Apple's first AI research paper was about using GANs to take
3D rendered images of eyes and change them to appear more realistic.
These realistic images are useful for training
computer vision models that can take an image of
the user's eyes and estimate where the user is looking.
GANs can also be used for imitation learning.
We can think of the actions taken by a reinforcement learning agent as being a kind of
data just as GANs can learn to imitate
data like the images in a training set of several photos,
GANs can learn to imitate the actions taken by a human expert.
Of course, we've mostly shown you applications of
GANs that come with flashy pictures or videos.
You can also use GANs for less visual applications.
GANs aren't limited to the visual domain.
For example, GANs have been used to predict
the outcome of high-energy particle physics experiments.
Instead of using explicit Monte Carlo Simulation of the real physics of every step,
the GAN learns by example what outcome is likely to occur in each situation.
The GAN reduces the computational cost of simulating
these physics experiments enough to save millions of dollars worth of supercomputer time.
GAN-like models can also be used to generate adversarial examples,
inputs that look perfectly normal to a human observer but that
had been cleverly designed to fool machine learning classifiers.